docs(readme): enhance images readmes (#74)
okp4/docker-images: dockerfiles/cosmos-exporter/README.md

# Cosmos-Exporter

> An exporter used to get blockchain metrics from the validators.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An exporter used to get cosmos based blockchain metrics from a running node.
```

> It queries nodes to extract informations concerning validators and wallets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It queries a node to extract informations concerning 
- The blockchain network in general
- Some specific validators and wallets.
```
